Docs: Headless CMS (#1831)
vtex/faststore: apps/site/pages/docs/headless-cms-overview/overview-headless-cms.mdx

| **Type** *(a.k.a., Content Type)*      | Determines the nature of a page. For example, the **Type** can be a Landing Page, a Product Listing Page (PLP), a Product Detail Page (PDP), etc. You, as a developer, are the one responsible for defining which content types will be available for the editors of your store. |
| **Last modified**                      | Indicates the last time a given page was edited.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |
| **Version**                            | Identifies the state of a page, if it's _Draft_, _Publishing_, or _Published_. Notice that editors can have more than one version of the same page with distinct settings and content.                                                                                           |

### Content Types

Once editors click on **Create New** in the VTEX Headless CMS interface, they'll be able to select a type from a list of **Content Types** that you, the developer, established.

> ![CMS Settings](https://vtexhelp.vtexassets.com/assets/docs/src/cms-content-types___f74003dbbffde1d11b5d38800c31933b.png)

Reviewer: We need to update this image!

### Sections

> For each Content Type, different **Sections** will be available to compose that page. Sections represent the content structure of a React component, for example, a Carousel or a Dynamic Shelf.

Author: ```suggestion
For each Content Type, different **Sections** will be available to compose that page. Sections represent the content structure of a React component, for example, a Carousel or a Hero.
```

> ![CMS Section](https://vtexhelp.vtexassets.com/assets/docs/src/cms-section___d3211ca1a5752e2498b58970872d9aaf.png)

Reviewer: We need to update this image!

Author: On it!

> Sections can be reused in different pages of an ecommerce. You are the one who will choose which Sections will be available at the CMS. Check the following example of the Carousel Section being used:

Reviewer: We need to update this example!
We don't have Carousel section anymore :/
